Added two bullet points for "Processing the CEO's Calendar" (#19141)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/digital-experience/README.md

       - LinkedIn messages (careful not to mark things as read!)
       - Google Drive 
  - Be sure to do this from the CEO's browser so as to not lock him out of any meeting docs.

>   - Change “Notes” into “Agenda” when the document is ready for the CEO to review prior to the meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Edit the calendar event description, changing “Notes” to “Agenda” when you're finished preparing the document to signify that this meeting has been prepped. 
```
Think about how you would train someone to do this task, then write that down.

>   - Connect the CEO with the person they are meeting with on LinkedIn (Do not send a note when doing this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would add this above, by this time you already had to find this person on LinkedIn. It doesn't make sense to send the connect request at the end.
